The Joe Rogan experience.
It was insane and I couldn't believe it. And so I'm like, well,
now I need to do a performance with that.
And now I'm gonna do a performance with, because the guy who, who did his name,
young orbs, he was the guy showing his NFTs and the gallery he used to work.
Or he, I guess he still works for 3d left,
but he used to be behind high the scenes.
Now he's like made his own installation. He's in FTS, home blowing pulled.
Pulled, please. Yeah.
Explain NFTs to people that don't know what you're talking about,
because I don't know what you're talking about. I do, but I don't.
I know it's a non fungible token. Yes. I'm not exactly sure what that.
Means. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Well, it's just not very fungible. You know,
tokens are super fungible. Got it.
These aren't very fungible. I don't even know if, if I, if I was on jeopardy,
what is fungible?
Fungible? I'm not sure what fungible fungible. I don't. What does fungible.
Mean? Okay. Let's think Google it duplicatable.
Yeah. Like duplicatable, maybe something let's Google it. Yeah.
Go Google it. What is the, what is the ju go to duck dot go. So the.
Yeah, give you the truth. Uh, fungible. It.
Goes, let, it's like economic term. Oh, of goods connected for,
without an individual specimen being specified,
able to replace or be replaced by another identical item.
Mutually interchangeable. It is by no means the world's only fungible commodity.
Okay. I know. Oh yeah. I understand it even less now. Yeah. I, I.
Have heard fungible, like done used in economics, but yeah,
but you can't replicate, so yeah. Non fungible. So basically it's like, I have,
I've made a little video of me or yeah. I've made a video of me,
a 32nd video of me, like running around, uh, you know,
a park or something like that. If I wanna make that non fungible, then I min it.
And by min um, you use a mentoring service like foundation or Zuora.
There's there's many others. And, um,
you get a crypto wallet <laugh> and uh, you get the crypto wallet set up,
you put money in it. It's converted into the crypto of your choice.
So let's say E which is very popular ether. What? Ethereum,
that's a very popular crypto. Do you know about that? Mm-hmm <affirmative> yeah.
E.
Nerds. E.
<Laugh> actually it's uh, but yeah, so,
so these are some NFTs that we created. So, so see that one on the,
the very top left. Yeah. That's that's um,
a ho that's the looking glass holographic display. Oh, wow. And, um,
and so that device, we made a, an NFT, me and my Panther, modern,
who his name is, Brady keen check out his music. It's disgusting. But, uh,
so he made the 3d GRA motion graphics and the TVs and designed all of that
stuff. With the wires, we shot a bunch of video of me doing the thing. He put,
inserted them on the TV screens. And then we, um, formatted it. It's on a loop,
it's got music with it. And, uh, that is then put into this device.
And so I'm trying to push this phrase called digital mean the
convergence of physical and digital media mm-hmm <affirmative>.
So that's like a perfect representation because it's,
the NFT is sold with the device. So when you bid on it and you know,
you win it or whatever that device is sent to you,
there's laser etching on the back that says the name of the piece who made it
and so forth.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> but technically it's that unit with the hologram.
So it's the world's first holographic NFT, which was bought by, uh,
Lee. What's the name? Charlie Lee, Charlie Lee, who created light coin,
another cryptocurrency. He bought it for almost nothing. And, uh,
so he now has the physical unit that has the hologram in it.
And you could ostensibly just put it on a shelf and call it good.
Or you can use the display to upload more holographic stuff if you want to.
So that was the first holographic NFT.
Those other videos that you saw cycling were just standard.
Here's a video we've made it in NFT, but.
Then someone can't replicate that video.
They hold the license to it.
Right. But if you just replicate it and have it on your laptop,
how's someone gonna stop you.
I mean, I guess if you're trying to make money from it, then you couldn't. Yeah.
Or something like.
That, you wouldn't be able to make money off of it. You wouldn't be.
Able to make money off of it. I mean, to technically you could screenshot it,
you could screen capture it. You know, if it's a video mm-hmm <affirmative>, um,
in this case it's a hologram.
So you would have to just you'd have to have a looking glass device and then
you'd have to get the file in order to see it, which it is available.
But it's stunning when you hear guys like people like be sold and then Ft for
what? 59, 69, 60 $9 million. Yeah.
He's got a little more with his pack. Could you get a hair sample? Oh yeah. You.
Get his own hair. Is that his pubes? It could.
Be. I hope so. I.
Don't know if he <laugh>, he's got very long luscious pubes. So.
Like he send a whole package when you get his NFT.
Okay. So you get an image.
This is, I think this is like an iPad with the image on it.
The one that's sold for a bunch, I believe was all of them together. Yeah.
All of them video sort of.
So not just.
One for a year. It's 5,000 pieces. Yeah.
Yeah. I.
Mean, someone bought it for 69 million in what Bitcoin or what?
Mm. Yeah. I think E they have to,
they have to buy the auction is an E so Christie's, you know,
it's like was auction by Christie's. It was like, E was, I think it was an E.
And.
Then how would you go about being actually rich with this?
How does people go from this to being a baller? Oh.
Well, I mean, well, you know, they bid whoever bids it, you know,
just like a regular auction.
And then they bid using cryptos and the cryptos transferred before they trans
the file to.
The, the, so the $69 million in E he could actually put into his account. Yes.
You can has 69 actual million dollars. Yeah.
You just convert it and you can get a Ferrari.
Yeah. You could, you could get one Ferrari for 69 million. The thing with.
ETHO with, with some of these contracts, like, I don't know specifically,
which one is, I heard him mention this. He has a, uh,
it's built into the contract.
So if the person who bought it for 69 million sells it for a hundred million,
10% of that goes back to his wallet. Yeah. Yeah. That's 10 million.
From that. Yeah. You set the resale. So like on ours, we did 15%,
which is the average.
Catch new episodes. The Joe Rogan experience for free, only on Spotify,
watch back catalog JRE videos on Spotify, including clips,
easily seamlessly switch between video and audio experience
on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data cost. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free. You don't have to have a premium account,
watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.